README.md, before:

Totsy Magento
=============

totsy.com
---------
Where the savvy mom shops - Totsy offers moms on-the-go and moms-to-be access to brand-specific sales, up to 90% off retail, just for them and the kids, ages 0-8.

Getting Started
---------------
This code base is meant to be copied on top of a vanilla Magento installation. After cloning the repository, the stock Magento Enterprise archive must be extracted on top (without overwriting existing files).

Clone the Totsy-Magento repository, and then extract the Magento Enterprise (gzipped) tarball into the working copy:

    $ git clone git@github.com:Totsy/Totsy-Magento.git <your directory>
    $ cd <your directory>

Unpack the magento core enterprise files:

    $ tar xkfj /usr/share/magento/magento-enterprise-1.11.1.tar.bz2 --strip-components=1

Setup the application configuration, and the shared `media` directory:

    $ ln -sf /etc/magento/enterprise.xml app/etc/enterprise.xml
    $ ln -sf /etc/magento/local.xml app/etc/local.xml
    $ ln -s /srv/cache/media/ media

Unit Testing
------------
A suite of [PHPUnit](http://www.phpunit.de) unit tests is included, and use the [EcomDev_PHPUnit](https://github.com/IvanChepurnyi/EcomDev_PHPUnit) Magento module for accomplishing unit testing goals within the Magento framework.

To run the unit tests, ensure you have configured `app/etc/local.xml` and `app/etc/local.xml.phpunit` (which should be configured to connect to an empty test database) and then run:

    $ phpunit UnitTests.php

This will take a few minutes the first time you run the test suite, in order to build the test database (configured in the `app/etc/local.xml.phpunit` file).

Commit message:

Flushed out the development deployment instructions a bit.
* Using the <yourname>.totsy.com/current convention.

README.md, after:

Totsy Magento
=============

totsy.com
---------
Where the savvy mom shops - Totsy offers moms on-the-go and moms-to-be access to brand-specific sales, up to 90% off retail, just for them and the kids, ages 0-8.

Getting Started
---------------
This code base is meant to be merged with the base Magento Enterprise installation. After cloning the repository, the stock Magento Enterprise archive must be extracted on top (without overwriting existing files).

Clone the Totsy-Magento repository

    $ git clone git@github.com:Totsy/Totsy-Magento.git <yourname>.totsy.com/current
    $ cd <yourname>.totsy.com/current

Unpack the magento core enterprise files

    $ tar xkfj /usr/share/magento/magento-enterprise-1.11.1.tar.bz2 --strip-components=1

Setup the application configuration, and the shared `media` directory

    $ ln -sf /etc/magento/enterprise.xml app/etc/enterprise.xml
    $ ln -sf /etc/magento/local.xml app/etc/local.xml
    $ ln -sf /srv/cache/media/ media

Return to the root where you created the working copy, and move it to the deployment directory

    $ cd ../..
    $ mv <yourname>.totsy.com /var/www/

Unit Testing
------------
A suite of [PHPUnit](http://www.phpunit.de) unit tests is included, and use the [EcomDev_PHPUnit](https://github.com/IvanChepurnyi/EcomDev_PHPUnit) Magento module for accomplishing unit testing goals within the Magento framework.

To run the unit tests, ensure you have configured `app/etc/local.xml` and `app/etc/local.xml.phpunit` (which should be configured to connect to an empty test database) and then run:

    $ phpunit UnitTests.php

This will take a few minutes the first time you run the test suite, in order to build the test database (configured in the `app/etc/local.xml.phpunit` file).
